For the last week I’ve been sick, I don’t with what specifically but it’s not been fun. Ive been able to work for the last 2 days but I’ve been spending a lot of time just sitting as you do when you’re sick. Ive been actually having a blast just doing nothing. Since Friday (5 days ago) I’ve been doing nothing but sitting and working on making music, working on my game engine, and spending time with the people I care about most. It’s been extremely nice but it’s also making me realize how disconnected from myself I usually am. My greatest fear in life is not being able to do the things I enjoy. If I had somehow lost the ability to program or make music overnight I don’t think I could keep on living life. I value my hobbies above all else. I feel like I’ve been working a lot and focusing on things I do not care about at all. It’s scary when you notice a gradual change over some stretch of time in yourself. When I was younger alls I cared about was programming and music, I never had the best grades or anything like that. My whole life was built around how do I get home so I can work on a game I’m making or some stupid tool I’m developing. It was nice living like that but I was a kid, when you’re older you can’t just go to school and do what you like afterwards. Things get a lot harder, and fast. Ive been catching myself waking up, working, and being so tired I don’t want anything else but to go to bed. It’s nothing like how things used to be for me. Im very scared of ending up like one of those people who “had” a dream and now they just work some nonsense 9-5. My dream isn’t to be rich or anything. I’m pretty content with all the things I have right now, Ive got a nice computer and my violin (still learning). My dream is just to make things that people enjoy. Ive always wondered how people like John Carmack must feel. It must be amazing to know you’ve made something that millions of people had fun with. I think thats probably why I’m so scared of death, there are probably no computers after this life, no more chances to make a video game or a nice song. That scares me more than hell or the void. Call me naive but truly that’s all I want to do. Ive been saying something along the lines of “The only thing thats left when you die is your children and the things you’ve made” for years, I don’t know exactly where I lie with having kids yet, it would be hard to make that call as a single 18 year old. But I do know where I lie with making things. I like to create anything and everything I can. So far I haven’t ever really made a song or a video game that I’ve thought is Amazing. I think thats my lives purpose, to try and make something I think is amazing. Anyways it is 2:34am right now and my starting to crash and I have work at 8am. I’ll probably post something else tomorrow same time. Goodbye !
