Today when pretty good I would say, Im getting over being sick. I was well enough to be able to workout and run a little. I haven’t run in the sun since I was probably 15, it was really nice. I forget that you need vitamin D. Lately I’ve been remembering weird little portions from when I was younger at odd times. None of the memories were very important. Last night I remembered this one thing that happened when I was around 12, I had to stop myself from writing about it here because it was already late and I published my thing for the day. It’s not a very exciting story or anything, it’s just something that makes me happy from time to time. It was really early in the morning, I want to say around 7 am. It was raining outside and I was in my room programming on my new RPI400. At my dad’s house technology was always seen as something to kill time, never as anything productive. I had a normal computer too, I would rarely use my computer for video games which is rare for a 12 year old boy but alls my dad saw was me messing around with a computer for extended amounts of time everyday. So as a parent does, he would take it away. But I figured out an ingenious solution to this, I got a secret other computer. The RPI400 wasn’t like a usual computer, from the outside it just looked like a white keyboard. But there were inputs for a mouse and a monitor on the back. The operating system I had on it was a simple command line version of Debian, I would do all of my programming on a software called gnu nano. There weren’t any graphics or anything, just text. Later on I would find out there was a version of Debian available with a GUI. But I would keep all my code on a usb drive, and work at it with my secret computer very early in the morning or late at night. This particular morning It was very cold, I was doing my thing on my computer and drinking decaf coffee pretending to be an adult, at some point I heard the rain turn into hail. I live in a state where snow and hail happens once every 10 years so I was very excited to see this change in the weather. I stashed my secret computer and went downstairs, I saw my little brother was also awake. I told him about the hail. We both poked our heads outside and saw it wasn’t just hailing but there was actually a tiny layer of snow forming. We both were very excited, I had only ever seen snow one other time and this may have been his first. We both tried our best to dress for the snow, I threw on old pajama pants that were way too small for me and a black hoodie. My brother must’ve been In something similar, I can’t remember exactly. We went outside and walked to the park right next to my house. I remember the air smelling like rosemary bushes and rain. Me and my brother sat around at this park for about an hour enjoying ourselves in the snow at the top of the playground. Not many words were said between us. At some point the snow stopped falling, we both knew it would all melt soon so we were enjoying the scenery of our neighborhood covered in white for the first time. I saw the thin layer of snow start to melt and get patchy, so I jumped down from the playground and made a giant snowball from what was left of it. And me being the oldest sibling, whipped it at the back of my little brother’s head. I laughed at him, he did not look very happy about it. He jumped down and ran down to where the snow was to get his revenge on me. Before he got the chance to make a snowball I got hit in the back of the head too. I whipped my head around and saw this slightly older girl, she must’ve been around 13-14. She was wearing a white sundress with a big blue and brown flannel over it. She had black hair and pale skin, and was wearing a brown flat cap. And she was now laughing at me. I was mortified. She had taken it upon herself to get revenge for my little brother. From that point on it was all out war between me and my brother and the girl with the weird fashion sense. It was a war for my pride. The three of us used up all of the remaining snow in the park to fuel the conflict. Towards the end we were throwing “snowballs” made up of 50% snow and 50% mud. Looking back I definitely lost that fight. After It all me and my brother stuck around with the girl, he said thank you for helping me, I can’t remember if I had the balls to say anything. We all were filthy afterwards. After some shared laughs the girl eventually started walking home. Me and my brother followed suit. We never ended up seeing her again, I probably beat myself up for the next year and a half for not getting her name. Thats the end of my mundane childhood memory. I think I just wanted to document it somewhere because I’m mortified of forgetting these things with time. A lot of people will tend to only remember the good things with time but for me it’s always pretty mixed bag. I think I forget sometimes all the fun times I had with the bad. Anyways it’s getting late now, I’m gonna sleep so I’m not a zombie at work tomorrow. Thank you to anyone reading my ramblings ! 
